The user places the “.csv” or Microsoft Excel format datasets inside the dataset folder and can use two different conversion functions for converting and normalizing them into MATLAB dataset format. These functions are “convertAndNormalizeExcelToDataset.m” for converting a single input file and “convertAndNormalizeTrainTestExcelFilesToDataset.m” for converting dataset files, which are divided into training and test sets. Then, the produced “.mat” files, which contain the normalized versions of the dataset, can be divided into k-folds using one of the following two functions.
• The “createKFoldCrossValidationDataSet2SetsAnd3Sets.m” function receives a normalized dataset as input and creates two output files. This function initially creates a separate test set. Then, the first file contains a divided version of the dataset into training/test sets without using k-fold cross-validation. The second file further divides the training set into training/validation sets using k-fold cross-validation.
• The “createKFoldCrossValidationDataSetSeparateSets2SetsAnd3Sets.m” has the same functionality as the previous function, with the only difference that it receives as input an already divided into training and test sets normalized dataset.
The program supports single and multi-core systems and runs using the “main.m” file. The results are automatically saved in the “results” folder. Finally, the user-defined parameters for each function mentioned above are explained in comment form inside each function.
